hello
hi what can i get you coffee
tea tea please
milk and sugar no milk please
but sugar
would you like anything to eat a slice
of chocolate cake
some pastries tempting but no thanks
justine
amazing who
oh i mean what egypt
what an incredible place yes it's
fascinating
are you interested in traveling oh
yes i love traveling
i haven't got much time with the bar and
everything
but there are so many places i'd like to
visit
do you travel a lot yes i do
lucky you have you got a lot of
free time not really
i travel for my job oh wonderful
what do you do
i'm a photographer are you
how interesting is this one of your
pictures then no it isn't but i know the
photographer who took it
do you work for a magazine sometimes
i work freelance so i work for different
magazines
and newspapers but i also work for a
publishing company
i take pictures for their travel books
and guides wow
that sounds really interesting
you probably like traveling too then yes
very much in fact i'm not often in
london
i spend most of my time traveling
i've got a job to do in chile some
pictures for a magazine
i'm going to be there for a few months
actually
gosh how i envy you
do you want to come with me
i wish so why do you like traveling so
much
oh for a million reasons first of all
because it's fun and interesting to see
the way people live in
other countries and i think it's
important to have
new experiences to expose yourself to
other cultures
absolutely i agree
um how much do i owe you for the tea oh
nothing it's on the house
well thanks uh um
emily thanks emily
my name is archie pleased to meet you
please to me you archie
[Music]
i'm so hungry well you're in the right
place
do you want something sweet or savory um
i'm not sure oh actually no
i don't know something savory just a
sandwich
okay ham and cheese or tuna
um not tuna ham and cheese sounds good
or maybe something sweet i don't know
are you okay
yes well i'm a little nervous
i have a date oh i see
anyone i know i don't think so his
name's rick he's from ireland
i love ireland irish people
are so friendly and fun well i
like him i'm sure so do you want
something sweet
to pep you up oh no i haven't got time
ma'am
i have to meet him in 20 minutes oh god
help
calm down you can't go on an empty
stomach
let me make you a quick snack to take
away and you can eat it on your way
there
okay yes you're right so
tell me what's he like handsome
very he's tall average build
he's got dark hair and green eyes he's
very shy and extremely creative
he's an artist sounds perfect
he is going away
oh i wish i need a holiday
just to get away from it all i'm tired
of london
i'd like to go on a trip somewhere
to the seaside yes
a seaside holiday on a beautiful
deserted beach and sleep under the stars
or even to the mountains and spend a
week
camping out in the wild a checking
holiday
that's not very relaxing but it's
different
you don't have to take the bus and the
tube and walk through busy streets
even a sightseeing holiday sounds
wonderful right now
anything just not here
your sandwich is nearly ready
would you like a quick glass of wine a
glass of wine
just what i need
a toast to your date
and to your holiday cheer cheers
is that for me no it's for mom
she's on her way here she usually comes
in for a drink
after work on fridays oh
what day is it today friday
no it isn't it's thursday oh yeah
well she sometimes comes in on thursdays
too
really so today
isn't a special occasion i don't think
so
what month is it november
you know lucy the martini is more than
just a cocktail
it's an american icon and
the preferred drink of such luminaries
as
franklin d roosevelt jack london
and ernest hemingway it celebrates the
american dream
yes and winston churchill liked it too
but we are in the 21st century
birthday to you happy birthday
to you oh my god
i am so sorry lucy i completely
uh forgot yes oh emily
happy birthday lucy thanks
presents thanks mom
is this for me yes i really am so
sorry is it already the 20th of november
yes dear and as punishment
you have to
wear this hat
and make me a james bond martini
three-part gin one part vodka
and a touch of dry quinolillo shaken
not stirred with a twist of lemon
lucille how are you
i'm fine a bit tired maybe
this week we have a lot of work to do
you're right i am overworked
and i need a break
let me think about it thanks for calling
bye
i think lucille's right
i need a break i should go somewhere
let me have a look at some maps
russia
india china
japan don't know
australia could be a good travel
destination
i can book a flight right now
let me see okay cheap flights
to australia
flying from london
heathrow and flying to
melbourne
departure date oh i don't know
maybe the 30th
of december it's summertime over there
maybe i can wear my bikini on new year's
eve
return date 25
january passengers one adult
no children good
search now
1 300 pounds
not so cheap
let me see if taxes and fees are
included
still too expensive
can't imagine the cost plus
accommodations
what are some other options
maybe a package tour is more convenient
lucille may be able to give me some
useful addresses
she always has to travel for her job
lucille sorry it's me again
i am looking for a package tour to
australia
can you give me some useful addresses
yes okay i'm ready
www.globaltours.com
slash packages
oh www
dot back
packer tour dot
com yes thank you
backpacking i don't
particularly like the idea of carrying a
heavy weight
on my back
sleeping in a tent eating beans for a
week
fun i don't think so
that's not my idea of a holiday i'd
rather stay at home
hmm well thank you anyway lucille
maybe staying at home is a better idea
bye
excuse me emily can you make me some
chamomile tea i'm not feeling well
i'm sorry but i have to go right
now can you take my place for a while
sure but the travel agency called me a
few minutes ago
i have an amazing deal for a package
tour
listen to this business class flight
to sydney plus 20 days
car rental for a very low price
this offer expires today so i have to
pay a deposit to assure the reservation
okay but you know i'm not a great
barmaid wait
there's more this offer also includes
four nights in a luxury hotel
and continental breakfast is included
well if breakfast is included okay i'm
going
you know what to do right you're so
sweet
thank you
bye
[Music]
hello i forgot to tell you the coffee
machine is out of order
and the blender isn't working no well
it works but only if you know how to use
it
but there's no fruit anyway sorry
i see i couldn't find the bottle opener
and what's more our cook is sick and
there's nothing to eat but don't worry
you'll be fine
great thanks bye
emily it says here that tonight there is
the opening of the new cocktail bar
honey lounge in auburn yes i know
it's the very same bar as in greenwich
village on bleecker street
terrific here it says that
the cocktail menu will change every day
oh but the famous mr cool is served
every night
pity i can't come with you it's on
chancery lane could you tell me how to
reach it
sure it's not far but let me show you on
the map
okay we are here okay
turn left out of the bar then you go
straight on
at the crossroads turn right okay
you walk along the road until you reach
the traffic lights
go past the park and then take the
second
left okay walk along the road go past
the park
second left oh that's milton road isn't
it no
it's chancery lane the cocktail lounge
is in front of a
bank near the supermarket okay good
now what about tasting this
cocktail before leaving why not
it's very simple you mix the vodka
with blueberry syrup and a
spray of lime and
you shake everything with ice cubes
i think i know this recipe
yes you garnish it with basil leaves
and here's your mr cool
the coolest cocktail in town
hi mom no no no no no let's talk in
english today
how are you
ah you're sitting in the backyard what's
the weather like
yes i can see it's hot and sunny as
usual
no here it's raining
yes they have bad weather here all year
long
yesterday it was windy the day before
foggy and last week we even had some
snow
too yes
yes great britain is a wonderful place
but the weather is awful
and above all so unpredictable and most
of the time it's cold
they're heavily clad even in summer well
almost
yes i really miss our sunny climate
oh no you can't imagine how i'd like to
wear a nice summer dress
sandals and no stockings
no yes i i am happy here very happy
the phrases are really nice people and
last week i helped miranda to prepare a
thanksgiving dinner but to tell you the
truth i did most of the cooking
miranda is not the world's best cook
hi adriana hi it's still raining
oh no sorry i see that you're busy oh
sorry i had to say hello to albert
yes he's one of the fraser's friends
oh he's uh
he's handsome he has a nice personality
but he's a bit eccentric
yeah sometimes he gets hysterical for no
reason right
is it your mother uh-huh
[Applause]
miluna
[Music]
queen victoria hotel how can i help this
is miss fraser from
london i want to reserve a twin room
from the 4th to the 6th of may please
let me check if we have a room available
i'm very sorry madam i'm afraid we are
fully booked
have you another hotel to recommend to
me
yes i suggest the royal yacht do you
want the phone number
yes please
it's zero one nine eight three two
zero three seven
thank you so much not at all madam i'm
sorry i can't help you
royal yacht hotel can i help you yes
i would like to know if you have a twin
room available
from the 4th to the 6th of may please
let me check
yes we do how much is it per night
it's a and fifty eight pounds per night
has the room an ensuite bathroom
all rooms in the hotel are ensuite
is it possible to make a reservation
right now
sure madam we need your credit card
number
and expiry date fine just one last
question
we would like to bring hazel lucille
my friends pet rabbit with us
is that a problem a rabbit
adam i'm afraid it is
we promise he is very well behaved
it is more or less like having a couple
with a small baby
i'm sorry but pets are not allowed in
the hotel
well that's very unfair
how is hazel going to feel when lucille
has to tell him that
he has to stay home
i don't know madam
cosmetic i work for a cosmetic company
fashion would you like to become a
fashion designer
mosquito the child is scratching her
mosquito bites
that are they three million dollars in
debt
recommend i recommend my favorite
mexican restaurant to all my friends
stomach i think your eyes are bigger
than your stomach
marriage does she have a happy marriage
finance our dad works in the finance
department
we can't what do you usually do at
weekends
mature his son is very mature for his
age
so my boyfriend is not very tall
about six feet my boyfriend is not very
tall about six feet
remember six we have two okay six
don't say six no six
this one our dad plays
tennis every day to keep fit
to keep fit okay he doesn't want to be
fat he wants to stay healthy and fit
good body
keep fit our dad plays
tennis every day to keep fit
[Music]
for eat and it
what should we eat now i don't know
what kind of thing we should eat so do
you know
what should we eat now remember this is
ow what should we eat now what should we
eat
now i don't want to talk about it
my brother always beats me at badminton
my brothers always beats me at badminton
uh for this one bait
i'm a bit tired i'm a bit tired remember
this one this one
iron milk tea is my favorite drink
the baby is in tears if the baby
is in tears that means the baby is
crying okay crying
the baby is in tears the baby is in
tears
or you can say the baby is crying
i will that means i'll i'll have
i'll have the cheesecake please
you go to the restaurant if you want to
order
the cheesecake you can say i'll have the
cheesecake please
for cheers okay
everyone let's say cheers if you're in a
party
you can talk to people everyone let's
raise
your drink and then cheers cheers okay
everyone let's say cheers cheers
now for this one she's
my english teacher okay she
and here she's my english
teacher she's my english teacher
remember english and this is teacher
teacher english teacher she's my english
teacher
this one his job is to share
the ship if his job is to share the ship
that means his job is to cut
you know the sheep has the fur
the fur just like the wool and then if
the
if the wool is long somebody
has to share share their fur that means
to cut
their wool off the ship okay
now shear the sheet okay
my clothes are all wet my clothes are
all wet
now wait wait
a minute waiter waiter match them
together
and remember if the tea sell if
the t star that is not stress they will
be
spelled like
okay so we have wait waiter wait a
minute
wait a minute this one
pan pain can
i borrow your pan this is
ore this is a row your
can i borrow your pan can i borrow your
pan
pain she wears
in pain there's a big
tattle shirt in the form there's a big
cactus shirt
in the form there's a big cut to shed in
the farm
now i shared
the bedroom bedroom
with my sister remember
sister i shared the bathroom
with my sister i shared the bathroom
sorry i shared the bedroom with my
sister
now continue very
very that's very kind of
you kind of match them together
of here this is okay of
kind of view kind of view kind of view
that's very kind of view that's very
kind of it
prices at lobsters may vary with the
season
rice's lobsters may vary with the season
they had to take a ferry to get here
fairy my daughter
my daughter not my daughter
or my daughter okay this is all daughter
my daughter or in american english you
can say
daughter remember the tea
the tea that is not stressed is spelled
the same with the okay
daughter loves fairy tales
fairy tales i
have a suggestion
let's make chicken and
spinach soup i
prefer chicken and
bok choy okay
are you going to cook it
actually i don't know how to make it
don't worry we can
watch instructional videos on youtube